---
layout: post
title:  "NAS"
date:   2016-02-02 10:00:00 -0600
categories: [Hardware]
tags: [Build, FreeNAS, Kingston, Microcenter, NAS, Storage, Supermicro]
---

I finally built a NAS server.

I’ve been thinking about it for a long time and finally just bit the bullet and built it. I was debating for quite a while whether I should DIY or buy a purpose built machine like a QNAP or Synology. I finally decided to go DIY and dove in.

Of course, after I decided to build my own I had to decide what to do with my ESX server. It’s currently running on my old [Q9450](http://ark.intel.com/products/33923) rig. It’s doing nicely except for decoding h265 video. Doing that will bring the Q9450 to its knees. Plus, it still chokes on higher bitrate h264 too. However the question was: do I build a box to replace both or keep them separate? I decided to keep them separate and built a single purpose NAS.

## CASE: Lian Li PC-60

I re-purposed an old Lian Li PC-60. It’s not perfect for a NAS build as the hdd cage isn’t ideally rotated or easy to work with for a NAS, but I already had it lying around and that saved me $150 over my very close second choice, the [Silverstone DS380](http://www.silverstonetek.com/product.php?pid=452). An extra $150 means one more hdd for storage too.

## CPU/MOTHERBOARD: Supermicro A1SRi-2558F-O

($296/Amazon)

Since this will be on all the time I wanted to get as low wattage as possible without worrying about being cpu limited. The FreeNAS Mini runs on a ASRock motherboard with the 8-core Atom. But I read about possible issues with the Marvell controller on the FreeNAS forums. Since I won’t have any support to call I ended up getting the Supermicro A1SRi. It has the 4-core Intel C2558 and Intel SATA controllers and Intel NICs.

If I was building an all-in-one unit having FreeNAS host my Plex server and other services, then I might have gone with the 8-core [C2758](http://ark.intel.com/compare/77983,77988). I’ll have to do more tests and see what happens to the 4-core cpu, but I think I’ll be happy with cpu perf if I’m just using this box as a NAS.

*IPMI is fantastic. All future builds will have some sort of out-of-band management.*

## RAM: Kingston ValueRAM 8GB 1600MHz DDR3L PC3-12800 ECC

(2x$56/Amazon)

After reading more on the FreeNAS forums, I’ve found out that Kingston isn’t a favorite and not recommended. (I think it was because they changed models and kept the same model names, so users didn’t know what they were getting.) Whoops, I already bought the memory. So, I ran [memtest](http://www.memtest86.com/) for several hours (not for days like some recommend) and everything seemed fine so I decided to keep it.

The motherboard will hold 64GB and the rule of thumb for ZFS is 1GB of memory for each TB of storage. I may fill out the 4 DIMM slots with 8GB modules for 32GB total. Tho’ that might be a bit overkill.

*I have read now that the recommendation is 1GB of memory per TB of disk, not per TB of usable space. I have 24TB of disk (~14 usable in RAID-Z2), so I will be upgrading to 32GB of memory.*

## DRIVES: Six 4TB Toshiba drives

($109 each/[Microcenter](http://www.microcenter.com/))

magical_hdd-y_goodness
All the magic. But it will have to be shutdown to replace a drive.
The biggest expense of any NAS build should be the drives, and I decided the 28% cheaper Toshiba drives were worth the chance over the common choice of WD Red drives. I guess I’ll find out how well they hold out in the long run. So far, they are fast, but noisy. However, this server is going in the basement so I don’t care too much about noise.

Six 4TB drives with RAID-Z2 nets me ~14TB of usable space.

## OS: FreeNAS (9.3)

I was tempted to try [Unraid](http://lime-technology.com/), but I decided to go with FreeNAS as the price was better and I am already going down the path of ECC RAM so I might as well go with the extra checksumming and protection. Using a USB drive to install FreeNAS to is no longer recommended because of all the issues associated with USB drives. Now the only official recommendation is to install FreeNAS onto a [SATA DOM](http://www.supermicro.com/products/nfo/SATADOM.cfm) drive. However, there are only six SATA ports on the motherboard and I didn’t want to burn up one with the FreeNAS installation drive, so I decided to forgo the recommendation and installed FreeNAS to a USB drive. (SanDisk Ultra Fit CZ43 16GB $8). Unfortunately, FreeNAS didn’t like the USB 3.0 port on the inside of the motherboard. Which is too bad, I really like the idea of having nothing but the network cable coming out of the case. I ended up using a USB 2.0 port on the back of the mobo.

## PSU: Sparkle 500W 80 PLUS PLATINUM

($56/Newegg)

I probably went over board with this choice, but I’ve been burned on bad PSUs before. In hindsight, a fully modular PSU would be nicer for cable management. And more SATA power connectors would also be nice.

# TOTAL COST: $1132

I did have a small ‘want’ when building this. I didn’t want it to consume a lot of power. Currently, the whole rig draws 55W at idle and 62W under load. I’d call that a win in the low power category.

The drives were about 70% of the cost so I think I did fairly well on the whole build in terms of cost. I almost had a refurbished motherboard saving me another $100, but that deal fell through. Maybe that’s for the best though.

## PERFORMANCE

This setup will easily saturate a 1Gbps link. LACP won’t get me more throughput to my desktop, so 10G will have to be the next step, but it’s just too spendy for me right now. I may implement LACP someday, to separate out my ESX VM traffic from my desktop’s traffic, but it won’t be necessary in the near future. I’ll stick with my constant 90MB/s transfer speeds over iSCSI. I’m happy with that for right now.

Up Next: A new ESXi build to take over my current, aging, Q9450 machine.

UPDATE: [My six month follow up]({% post_url 2016-08-28-NAS-Follow-Up %})
