---
layout: post
title:  "John Wick (2014)"
date:   2014-10-29 08:00:00 -0600
categories: [Reviews]
tags: [John Wick, Movie Review]
---

John Wick is an mindless, but entertaining and stylistic shoot-em up.

Keanu Reeves stars as the ultimate hitman out for revenge after gangsters steal his '69 Mustang and kill his dog. [John Wick](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2911666/) is supposed to be the Russian mob's boogyman devout only to the mission that he partakes. However, Keanu only pulls off a mostly robotic Terminator assassin. There are a few times where John Wick is shown to be human and Keanu does a pretty good job but those moments are too few and far between.

The action is intense and luckily there isn't any shaky-cam involved. But a lot of the action is just Wick pulling off impossible headshots. The tag-line for this movie should be “BOOM! Headshot!” And after all the times that John Wick is beaten and battered I walked out of the movie hurting.

The best thing about the movie would have to be the underworld the writers setup. All the seedy elements in this non-named city use gold coins as an alternate form of currency. And Ian McShane heads up a neutral-zone hotel called The Continental. One gold coin to stay at the hotel. One gold coin to clean up a body. It was quite an elaborate setup for such a simple run-and-gun revenge movie. Unfortunately, that setup was the most interesting thing in the movie. There could be a sequel based on the beginnings that setup, but I think John Wick is a one trick movie. John Wick isn't terrible.

It's entertaining as a mindless shoot-em up movie with some unique properties, but it's not special.
