---
layout: post
title:  "First Mac"
date:   2021-05-14 10:00:00 -0600
categories: [Hardware]
tags: [Apple, MacBook Pro, MacOS]
---

My first attempt at moving to the MacOS platform.

I'm using a coworkers old MacBook Pro (Late 2013). It has a dual core i5 4th Gen cpu, a 13" screen, 8GB of memory, and 256GB of storage. It's a well kept machine. The screen and keyboard are still good condition, the battery is good for a seven year old battery, and it's running the latest MacOS, [Big Sur](https://www.apple.com/macos/big-sur/). The oldest model to be supported.

After only a day, I'm liking the integration with my iPhone. Mostly iMessage, Wi-Fi password sharing, and iCloud are all nice. I'm staying in the iPhone eco system and I'm thinking of getting a Mac to help support my parents with their stuff, but let's see how well this works out...

So let's list out my observations and gripes:

* No 'delete' key, only Backspace labeled as Delete. (Altho' I just learned it is Fn-Delete.)
* Different keyboard shortcuts. (I know this is all muscle memory that i'll have to overcome.)
* All these options keys! control, option, alt, curly-thing, and command. Plus there is a function key that also seems to be involved with the arrow keys as KB shortcuts. It seems a bit much.
* Some KB shortcuts are the same, that's nice. i.e. CTRL+z and Command+z are undo.
* Safari has no inspect feature. I didn't realize it'd be looking for that on day one.
* I immediately started looking for Homebrew to install things from outside the App Store. I would have thought things like VSCode and Github would be there.
