---
layout: post
title: "Beacon 23"
date: 2024-02-07 08:00:00 -0600
categories: [Reviews]
tags: [Beacon 23, MGM, Review, TV Review]
draft: true
---

*Lighthouses in Spaaaaace!!!*

It's quite apparent that an MGM C-suite watched The Expanse and said, "We need one of those!", but overall, it isn't bad. I've said before that I enjoy movies that take place in one place and that fits the bill for a space-lighthouse. Some episodes are entirely flashbacks but I think they work to expand some of the characters.

Beacon 23 is definitely a space show in the vein of The Expanse but it's definitely not the expanse. This is show is much slower. With a lot more scenes of just two people talking. Sometimes it works very well and Bart the AI is a good example of that. But other times the dialog is just missing *something* that I can't quite put my finger on. B23 is trying to be a thinking man's Expanse, but so far, there isn't anything to think on. (I have one episode left in season one.)

I think the universe is interesting because they haven't explained everything yet. Why is this QTA organization the big bad? Why is the ISA so oppressive? Who are these marauders? I think this fits well with the setting of the show because we're on a lighthouse in the middle of now where, isolated and alone. I think it helps. They also haven't tried to explain how the FTL works or use a lot of technobabble which is good in these shows. Technobabble in Star Trek: good. Technobabble in this show: bad.

However, some of the other writing isn't greatest. The first two episodes were rough, but half way thru it has smoothed out. I'm having a hard time liking the main characters and I prefer the AI characters or some of the side characters instead. Why do so many shows I watch wind up like this?

I'm most intrigued by the setting, the Beacon itself. I want to see this be an anthology show. Telling a different stories taking place at the Beacon in different times.

## The Good

* I like the set design. I want to live in one of these beacons.
* The universe is very sparse, but that works for a show that takes place on a lighthouse.
* Some of the acting is good.

# The Bad

* Some of the acting is not great. But maybe it's because...
* The writing isn't tight. Sometimes it's just not jiving with me.

# The Ugly

* This could be really good, but at this point it's only fair.

The Verdict: If you want shooty and spaceship action like The Expanse, this show is not for you. If you can settle down and just go with it, you might like this.